docs(graphql): graphql-ws context value example (#2115)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/subscriptions.md

subscriptions: {
  'graphql-ws': {
    onConnect: (context: Context<any>) => {
      const { connectionParams, extra } = context;
      // user validation will remain the same as in the example above

>       // when using with graphql-ws, additional context value should store into extra field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // when using with graphql-ws, additional context value should be stored in the extra field
```

      extra.user = { user: {} };
    },
  },
  context: ({ extra }) => {

>     // you then can access your additional context value through extra field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // you can now access your additional context value through the extra field
```
